c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Home.exe.config
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\obj\Debug\Atlas.Home.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Home.exe
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Home.pdb
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Control.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Muscle.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Brain.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Swiss.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Calendar.v3.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Drive.v2.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Fitbit.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\YelpSharp.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\SpotifyAPI.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\WolframAlpha.NET.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Google.Maps.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Control.pdb
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Muscle.pdb
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Brain.pdb
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\obj\Debug\Atlas.Home.exe
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\obj\Debug\Atlas.Home.pdb
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Immune.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\stanford-parser.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Core.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\IKVM.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Util.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\IKVM.OpenJDK.Text.dll
c:\users\mschuee\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Immune.pdb
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Swiss.API.dll
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Forecast.io.45.dll
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Swiss.API.pdb
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Environment.dll
C:\Users\mschuee\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Atlas.Home\Atlas.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Environment.pdb
C:\Users\mschuee\Source\Repos\Ruby.Modules\Ruby.Home\bin\Debug\Atlas.Home.exe.config
C:\Users\mschuee\Source\Repos\Ruby.Modules\Ruby.Home\obj\Debug\Atlas.Home.exe
C:\Users\mschuee\Source\Repos\Ruby.Modules\Ruby.Home\obj\Debug\Atlas.Home.pdb
C:\Users\mschuee\Source\Repos\Ruby.Modules\Ruby.Home\obj\Debug\Atlas.Home.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
